# Minutes-9-1

---

## Date

7/11/22, MON

## Time

10:00 am - 12:00 pm

## Location

BB Collaborate

## Attendees

- Eric Dai
- Kevin Hu
- Luke Simmonds
- Taimoor Shabih
- Vanessa Xia

---

## Agenda Items

1. Discuss how to break up sprint 3
2. Expected work distributions
- Vanessa to begin working on frontend Wednesday
- Taimoor started working on feedback report (decided to only make 3 graphs)
- Luke has algorithms sorted on paper (needs to refine blocking variable)
- Kevin has assigned section figured out on paper, yet to start
- Eric has decided to use a circular percentage frontend method to display workload, worked with Kevin to optimize sorting methods
- No major changes after final presentation
- Can do refactoring and bug fixes

---

## Action Items

1. Work on Sprint 3
---

## Next Meeting

### Date

12/11/22, FRI

### Starting Time

2:00 pm

### Agenda

1. Discuss progress with Sprint 3
