Taimoor’s Work Diary

Week 1

- Formed groups before the tute started
- I was assigned as the scrum master
- Created Discord Server for the team
-Created Jira organisation for the team
- Read the project specification and familiarised myself with the requirements
- Came up with 4 novel features:
  - Toggle light/dark mode
  -Putting tasks into categories
  - Commenting functionality under each task
  - some sort of data visualisation tool (pie chart etc.) to show task allocations, taskmaster availability status, and other important information
- Emailed the team’s top 6 novel ideas to the tutor for feedback
- Watched half of the first lecture. Read all the slides to figure out Sprint structure, Jira guide etc.
- Lead all team meetings

Week 2

- Finalised the priority algorithm and self reflection tracker as the 2 novel functionalities.
- Fleshed out the 2 novel features
- Did additional research into Pagerank
- Set up the sprints on Jira
- Joined Github Classroom
- Wrote user stories for the first 2 required features of the Task Management System
  - As a new employee, I want to be able to share my name and contact details on the profile page so my colleagues can contact me. 
  - As a team leader, I want to be able to add my subordinates as friends so I can keep track of what tasks they are working on.
- Wrote down what problem the TMS is looking to solve for the proposal (first dot point)
- Lead all team meetings

Week 3

- Wrote acceptance criteria for the user stories on Jira
- Worked on the Figma diagrams for my user stories
- Placed the sprint schedule in the proposal
- Placed sprint 1 scope in the proposal
- Completed the user stories section for my 2 stories in the proposal
- Completed the External Actors and System Interaction section of the report
- Submitted the proposal on behalf of the team
- Lead all team meetings

Week 4

- Started scoping out how the 1st user story will be implemented on the backend
- Finshed implementation for the registration function
- Finshed implementation for the login function
- Finshed implementation for the logout function
- Did extensive testing of the backend using postman. 
- Lead all team meetings


Week 5

- Contributed to Retro A.
- Submitted Retro A as I'm the scrum master.
- Did research into MongoDB and how Sprint 1 code will be adapted to work with Mongo.
- Researched how avatar upload code would work
- Discussed findings about MongoDB with the backend team.
- Assigned spring 2 functionality to each member in the meeting. 
- Lead all team meetings

Week 6
- Interacted with MongoDB cloud database to understand how it works.
- Wrote code for password reset request but failed to implement SMTP request
- Faced issues with running frontend on PC so moved to macos
- Faced issues on macos but managed to fix it with Eric's help
- Lead all team meetings

Week 7
- Wrote code to search the MongoDB database directly for certain task IDs, titles, descriptions, and deadlines
- Changed the search code such that it uses Kevin's Mongo functions to receive task lists and performs python operations to search based on task ID, title, description, and deadline.  
- Implemented code for uploading avatar to the backend
- Researched frontend code for uploading avatar from a user's desktop
- Lead all team meetings

Week 8
- Assigned Sprint 3 functionality to team members in a meeting. 
- Fleshed out the novel functionality in detail with backend team. Wrote all the notes for the meeting.
- Started researching how to use numpy and matplotlib to generate productivity reports for users (novel functionality).
- Researched how to install VM on local machines.
- Lead all team meetings

Week 9
- Set up the VM for the final project demo in week 10.
- Learned how to make shellscripts for linux
- Assissted in changing the implementation of the workload activity feature
- Did research into how datetime objects work in Python
- Developed a method to keep track of task durations for self-reflection.
- Wrote all the code for the self-reflection feature (all 3 plots). 
- Lead all team meetings

Week 10
- Presented sprint 1 and 2 functionality in the final demo.
- Wrote the authentication functionality, task search functionality, self-reflection functionality, python modules, and challenges with self-reflection sections of the report.
- Wrote final shellscript for the project code submission
- Fixed bugs in the self-reflection feature.
- Submitted the final code
- Submitted the final report
- Submitted the peer review
- Lead all team meetings
