## Week 1

Came up with the following possible novel features:

1. commenting functionality
2. frontend priority highlighting
3. request help feature
4. section in taskmaster profile that includes user skills

Suggested the following to build on gamification:

1. Categorisation of potential badges (e.g. skill, time, etc.)
2. Profile customisation
3. Coins earned when new badges are earned

Read up on the specifications in preparation for the proposal.

## Week 2

Suggested possible way of integrating sprints with user stories (sprint 1 = basic functionality with future sprints potentially taking in new user stories).  
Expanded on the self reflection feature with the following suggestions:

1. Use of hours spent on the task to generate analytical reports on productivity.

Wrote user stories for the following features:

1. Profile viewing of other connected users
2. Status of a task must be modifiable: "Not Started", "In Progress", "Blocked", and "Completed"

Broke above stories down into acceptance criteria  
Assist in defining what makes our novel functionalities novel

## Week 3

Created storyboards for the features specified above in week 2.  
Performed research into the difference between PyMongo and Motor to assist team in deciding which Python module will work best in our case for interacting with MongoDB. Ultimately decided on using Motor as it allowed asynchronous access.  
Performed research on Flask, what it is and why we chose it as the server framework.  
Detailed in report how the features mentioned above in week 2 are captured within our application.  

## Week 4
Implemented task creation methods (init and associated getters and setters)
Created flask server as well as wrappers for route endpoints for all demonstrable routes and methods

## Week 5
Created class and methods that facilitates interacting with MongoDB in an asynchronous way along with general methods that are likely to be used  
Converted all of Sprint 1 code to use MongoDB instead of the the global database  
Taught backend team members how to use the new class as well as the code structure needed to interact with MongoDB  

## Week 6
Added support for "connected users" to Sprint 1 code  
Created routes and code to allow for users to send and accept requests to become "connected users"  
Created routes that support expected functionality between "connected users" such as getting connected users, viewing profile, sending, receiving and accepting requests.  

## Week 7
Assisted in debugging routes related to connected users and searching.  
Created route to allow for the editting of already created tasks.  

## Week 8
Guided discussion on how sprint 3 features will be behave and be implemented.  
Proposed methods in which the priority list and report graphs should be generated and what data fields should be considered.  
Assisted in refactoring the filtering feature of the taskboard to allow for broader application.  

## Week 9
Implemented the workload status feature that displays a users workload as a percentage.  
Assisted in debugging the report generation feature as well as discussing what values should be present in generating the graphs.  
Implemented means of transmitting the graphs generated in the backend to be sent to the frontend.  
Created presentation document and populated it with slides relevant to my section as well as creating a consistent theme for other members.  
Updated existing routes with new data that will be a part of sprint 3.  

## Week 10
Refactored the backend to include docstrings, comments and seperate files containing the functions being called by the routes.  
Contributed to the report by describing functionality I developed and how they link to the user stories, detailing how we used and interfaced with MongoDB.  